The Bonsai Project

Welcome to the Ciprian's writing project about the end of the world as we know it. The codename of this project is The Bonsai Project because Ciprian has just both a Bosai who is on the verge of dying on him. It almost lost all its leaves in the first week since he brought it home. Maybe the Project shoulf be called The Dying Bonsai Project. It would describe the situation more accurately. 

Now, enough about the Bonsai's health situation. This project is about a decadent world. This project is going to take place in a post-apocalytpic Europe some times in a near future. When don't know how near. Ciprian is not really interested in creating an accurate depiction of this world. His not that interested in the techincal details. He would like to focus more on some sort of magical post-apocaliptyc realism. And he is very keen on building the social fabric of this dying world. The lack of technical accuracy will contribute to the mistery he wants to add to this worls. But, we all know how difficult this isi to build without falling into the common traps of falsehood. 

This is at least how he sees the atmosphere of the whole show. Dark, punk as hell and magical. Magical, punk post-apocalytpic Europe. Political, social, decadent, mixing the thrash with the elegance of the nostalgy. Of course a world by itself would never make for a good story. We need some characters and some plot here. Well, that might be more difficult to find so let's proceed as with every difficult problem. Let's split it in smaller, easier ones  and solve them one by one. So, let's start with the characters. How many would we need and how would we call them. Let's get ahead of things and already decide what are we going to do with the lot when we have it. Let's say we have character Y. Now for Mister Y we can write a short story first set in this punky world of ours (or Ciprian's, I'm not that sure whose is it, I got confused). The title of the short story will be simple, Mister Y. We will do it the Gorege R. Martin way. Nice and clean. We will call this characater introduction part The Characters. Nice and simple. We will not get fancy because we don't want to. Maybe all these characters could form a gang. A Band of Brothers. Maybe they will never meet. Hmmm... maybe what they do will affect the others without them even knowing it. Maybe it's this dying world the only one connecting them together. Maybe we'll find out. So let's think about our first character. Our first character will be...

The Wizard

    